1. I have the two decks printed out on screen. I couldn't figure out how to go any farther, keeping the decks in the panels, drawing hands, basically all it does is print decks.
2. Well, the deck shuffles really well. Like, really well. It doesn't stop shuffling. Ever. I can just call it real time shuffle and make it a feature, right?
3. Classes allow you to re-use code you would use multiple times. For example, if you wanted a crowd of people, you could just make one person class, and have lines making all the seperate people. Classes just open up a lot more things, and gives another way to orginize code.
4. A private variable/method can only be acsessed in the class it was defined in. For example, in my deck method, if I tried to call on "Suit" from my card class, it wouldn't work. Public variables/methods can be called on from anywhere in the code, as long as it's in the same folder.
5. A full on class gives you acsess to objects. A class also is created when you compile code. An instance is a line of code that only works on that class, and is defined before any main code (like before main).
6. Inheratince allows you to group multiple objects into one. For example, if you were to go make a barn, you wouldn't have to re-write code for every animal object. Instead, you can use the super command, and your specific animal uses code from the parent class. It's kind of like a core for other objects.
7. This is used to add things to the class. For example, if you had a panel, you would have to add it using this.add, this reffering to the main class. Super is used to call on a parent class, copying the code.
8. Behavior and Constructor (I don't remember the name exactly). All objects need a way to be created, and then the thing it does. 
9. How do I panel oh god. To be honest, Objects aren't confusing. It's the actual printing of the cards and stuff that got me. Especially panels. I need to work on GUI.
